Yes
hello and welcome to his activity and his allies we are currently
so always so alert 2013
with the stand she will then tell us why it does not come simply
because the guys were a lot like the builder who made another
which made a little sensation at the opening of the cei remains that the
conference has proved to us that via believe at the local club dimming and with that
so a parent he introduced us to the famous glow the architectured a
old town that will allow the powers to market players to
propose chaos mines then for those who still have doubts
vis-à-vis the gaming club aabar a laon at a demo I think the respect is
far says this tasty duel nixon but I know more too% in all
case see that it's just a simple android smartphone with a client and
liga individual customers that will allow launched hard that will launch this
moment to a game from rome any pc platform and so his thirst
zaza on the hug you also probably later from your pc since
the French that the and that didier has productive and combative and that for the
stim at the clear point of the meeting m pardon for a club and 2000 in the calm so
we could see or see here again it's a skate style demo to believe it
and want that too little actually controlled pretty quickly and that's
quite fluid years
but that gold to the protocol on remote servers
and that's it's still very fluid
and especially more respectful
we can see it here sex and connected to a gamepad
all that has more and more we can play with this controller wait I
will show you
so for this ride here it is simple ahronoth finds the same
orders
we move forward we move we turn we can aim ap
and it's past impressive donkalor which ones performing it's not as
fluid
cure if we had real pests loved suddenly it's still enough
nice to say that
the police reason I want to play in game while the Columbia who beat in
finale by philippe starck
here we can do it and with graphics staying at that's why it
must say that
we can see it here
so why am I dead another has a little dropped
e in all cases it is not necessarily effectively michène do it is not
necessarily the rat how to say
to the type of game I would have thought of first mym keyboards but I
think especially for example instead of playing or simple chance or simple portage
800 spider-man boasts of android and or on aion f there I can play at
volley mixing drinks split head on pc on steam so where dodge comes out
also as murderers thinks he's assassin's creed 3 for example at all
these games can rejoice quietly there is indeed the bottom csu it's when
even pretty cool and polo arches
in terms of graphics it's still pretty enough
especially on a small screen hd like that in ka band
by living the tablets in the image of social themes a second tablet
but it can do it totally
here I think we never ready after Montreal what we could do
with the case decreases what will happen in the future I know that some are
still resistant to emilie club but for that I think it's okay
arrive sooner or later ope at us there is in our habits as if
savings issues and see you soon on the geek newspaper